Xu Xiao.
How did it go?
Got it.
Are we almost there?
Right ahead.
Okay.
Let's go.
Brother Hu.
Xu Xiao,
what are you burning today?
Okay.
I'll squeeze you in.
This is a gas kiln.
It's usually for home use.
Large porcelain factories
usually won't fire a single piece for you.
Brother Hu started working at such a young age.
It's their own family business.
In this kind of family workshop,
many kids follow their parents
to work together from a young age.
Their skills aren't necessarily worse than those from the ceramics department in schools.
As expected of Jingdezhen,
a place where even three-year-olds play with mud.
Fatty, let go.
Is that polite?
Sir.
Xiaocen.
Are you okay?
Mr. Fatty is so spoiled.
He's always trying to get my attention.
Every now and then, from my desk,
he grabs something shiny.
Look, he took my Nanhong Agate again.
His place has become a treasure trove.
Come, sit.
Okay.
This is freshly arrived Mingqian Longjing tea.
Let's try it.
Sir,
what is this?
Isn't this the one at our entrance,
the best-selling
small cup with the Hundred Family Surnames?
The unglazed body looks like this.
Meeting is fate.
I'll give you one.
This one,
this one is not bad.
The shape is regular.
Tonight,
I will find someone to write the character Cen on it.
Tomorrow, it goes into the kiln,
and I'll deliver it to your house the day after tomorrow.
Sir.
Can I
write this character myself?
Write it yourself?
Sir,
I've written it.
Let me see.
Your handwriting is quite good.
This Slender Gold Script
has some real character.
Xiaocen, your writing is great.
For writing like this,
if I hired someone outside to do it,
it would cost a lot.
Xiaocen.
You know what?
I really envy you young folks.
Do you know why?
Because you have plenty of time.
Time is money.
Look at Xu Xiao.
He spends a lot of his time here,
turning time that would be meaningless
into something meaningful.
Are you interested in a part-time job?
A part-time job?
For one cup,
I'll give you five yuan.
Don't look down on this five yuan.
We can produce a dozen pieces a day here.
That's 60 or 70 yuan.
Added up over a month,
think about how much that is.
Right?
Most importantly,
the money doesn't matter.
Xu works here every day,
and he gets pretty lonely.
You two can keep each other company.
You two are classmates, right?
What are you guys talking about?
Xu,
you're just in time.
Xiaocen is going to work here.
Come on, meet your new coworker.
I never thought
I could ever be of use.
Someone actually wants to hire me.
You don't need to sell yourself short.
You are excellent.
Actually,
I've always felt quite ordinary.
Just like
a little pile of dirt by the road.
You think you're a pile of dirt,
but actually,
you are unrefined kaolin clay.
Kaolin Clay.
Right.
Isn't it still just clay?
No.
It's the most suitable clay
for making ceramics.
Sister.
Xing, it's your turn.
Hurry.
What are you doing?
Go.
What's wrong?
This is my classmate.
This is my brother-in-law.
What brother-in-law?
This is...
I'm her classmate.
My name is Xu Xiao.
It's too late today,
so I brought her back.
Then you're the future brother-in-law.
Brother-in-Law, run quickly.
My Aunt must be watching from upstairs.
It'll be trouble if she sees you.
Xing can take me back.
You should leave.
Good night, good night.
Let's go.
Brother-in-law.
Good night.
What are you talking about? Hurry up.
Xiaocen.
Hello.
What are you guys going to do?
We... we're going fishing.
Yes.
Fishing.
Doesn't the school forbid fishing?
It's fine. Just hide from the security guards.
Bye.
Bye. We're leaving.
You're here.
Why are you here?
The four of them swim over occasionally.
I'm going to feed them.
Have a seat.
You really like it.
This is the first porcelain
I've fired in my life.
No,
it's ours.
If you like it,
I'll give it to you.
Really?
Thank you.
No problem.
You two, stop right there.
Bro, we're sorry.
Stop!
Li Zhuoting, hurry up!
Wang Lin, why are you calling my name?
Stop!
Why are you eating popsicles without me?
Who knew if you wanted one?
When mentioning the Tang Dynasty,
most people think of Tang Tri-colored Glazed Pottery.
Like the well-known Tang Tri-colored Pottery Horse.
However,
Tang Tri-colored Glazed Pottery
was not recorded in history.
Initially,
there were no physical objects handed down.
Until when?
It wasn't until the late Qing Dynasty
that in the tombs of the Tang Dynasty,
this porcelain was discovered.
So,
Wang Lin says we're playing a murder mystery game after class.
Ask Wu Jing if she wants to go.
Later,
with the continuous efforts
and excavations by archaeologists,
Wu Jing.
Tang Tri-colored Glazed Pottery was discovered.
From where?
From ordinary dwellings to temple ruins.
That's when people gradually learned about
Tang Tri‑colored Glazed Pottery.
Wang Lin, Li Zhuoting.
Are you two in a culture class
or a dance class?
Tang Tri‑colored Glazed Pottery is actually a type of
colorful pottery.
Class is over.
Yuexin, are you going?
Yan Xue.
I'll go if you go.
Let's go.
We don't have class this afternoon anyway.
That's true.
Xiaoyi.
Want to play a murder mystery game?
Sure.
Xiaocen.
We are going to play a murder mystery game this afternoon.
Do you want to go?
I've never played a murder mystery game before.
You don't need to know how.
The DM will guide us through the process.
Just follow me.
DM?
Come on.
You didn't join us for karaoke last time.
Let's go together.
Bye.
I like eating that too.
It's my favorite,
and Lonely God too.
I want five bags.
Okay.
You promised.
Let's introduce ourselves first.
I am Imperial Guard Mo Sanfeng.
Hello, everyone. I am Su Yinger.
Hello, everyone. I am Cuiwen, a maid in the prince's mansion.
Hello, everyone. I am Princess Xiangyue.
Hello, everyone. I am Chen, the butler of the prince's mansion.
I am Liu Rushuang, a famous courtesan in the capital.
This role suits you perfectly.
Hello, everyone. I am Eunuch Lin, the head eunuch.
It's your turn.
I am... I am Eunuch Lin.
I was at the prince's mansion that day.
Tell us more information.
What were you doing at the prince's mansion?
Tell us a bit more.
Exactly.
Do you have any clues?
When I was young, I lived in the desert.
I passed by Liu Rushuang's room.
What is she saying?
Although Shazhou was a prosperous place in the Tang Dynasty,
it suffered from years of famine.
Xiaocen. Xiaocen.
Just summarize it yourself
and say it out loud.
I might not summarize it well.
Well, roughly,
I didn't do much at the prince's mansion.
When I was young, I was in the desert.
What is she saying?
I don't know either.
I passed by Liu Rushuang's room.
I feel a little addicted.
It's just us today.
Didn't you call Xiaocen?
She doesn't know how to play.
Let's choose a horror one today.
How about it?
Okay.
Fine.
Do you think this is okay?
Almost.
Put it aside.
I'll do the rest.
Why don't you take a break?
You're awake.
How long was I asleep?
Not for long.
It's already 5:00.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know if I should wake you up.
It's fine.
I rarely sleep so soundly.
I told him,
if you don't like it,
you can get a refund.
Right?
Do you know what he said?
He told me to compensate him ten times the amount.
Why should I?
That's not the most annoying part.
The most annoying part
is that he said our conversation
He recorded the whole process.
That's fine.
Then please prepare all your recordings.
We'll see you in court.
Sir, what are you talking about?
We are talking about secret recording.
I'm so angry.
Do you know what this behavior is called?
This is called...
Invasion of privacy.
I have video recording in this room.
I'm not afraid of him.
Xiaocen.
What do you want to say?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Xu Xiao.
I shouldn't have recorded it.
Mr. Fatty, you want to go for a walk, right?
I was wondering what I forgot.
What are you talking about?
Weren't you guys just talking about
my recording?
No.
I... Then I'll go to work.
Wait.
Whose recording?
Just the sound of you working.
When I'm working?
The sound of you cleaning and polishing.
You mean white noise, right?
Yes.
There's a lot of that on the internet.
I've had insomnia these past two days.
I tried many methods.
But yours is the most effective.
I'm sorry, Xu Xiao.
I won't do it again.
It's fine.
Let's go.
Get to work.
Whose voice are you recording?
Just your voice when you are working.
I've had insomnia these past two days.
I've tried many methods.
But yours is the most effective.
I'm downstairs at your place.
Come down for a moment.
Mom, I'm going downstairs for a bit.
Where are you going?
I'm going downstairs to buy something to drink.
Oh, right.
Buy a couple bags of chips for Xiaoxing.
He loves them.
Got it.
Xu Xiao.
Why did you ask me to come?
This is for you.
I'll be going now.
What is this?
It's for you.
Why are you giving me this?
Anyway, it's for you.
Open it when you get back.
Y-You put it away first.
I'm leaving now.
Okay.
Bye.
Here's the thing.
I've been having insomnia a lot lately.
I've tried many methods,
but yours works best.